# MOLE PARAMS

*Probe Radius* level of detail provided by the mol surface
*Interior Radius* controls the definition of cavities

*Origin Radius*-- controls the exploration of starting point for the tunnel around a user-defined 3d coordinate Origin.


*Surface Cover Radius* the density of exit points that will be tested at acavity boundaries


Many tunnels are generated by the above described procedure, but not all might be rele-vant.  It is possible to filter out tunnels that are not of interest by setting a few parameters(Figure 21 vii)

, the minimum requirements for the bottlenecks can be set by specific parameters(*Bottleneck Radius*,*Bottleneck Length*)


If two identified tunnels follow the same channelleading out of a cavity in too similar a manner, only the shorter tunnel will be reported. Thecritical level of similarity can also be adjusted by a parameter (*Cutoff Ratio*)


In the sectionsChainsandActive residuesyou can restrict the areas of the protein whereMOLE 2.0 will search for cavities (


Adjusting the*Probe Radius*parameter in the*Cavity Parameters*section allows to refinethe level of detail of the molecular surface (Figure 22). A lower value ofProbe Radiuswillproduce a rough surface, following closely on the Van der Waals contour.  A higher value ofProbe Radiuswill produce a smooth surface, with little detail. If you use a higherProbeRadiusyou may find that some tunnels prolong artificially outside the van der Waals area


Adjusting the*Interior Threshold*parameter in theCavity Parametersection allows toidentify all voids wider than double theInterior Threshold(Figure 23). A smallInteriorThresholdwill therefore result in the identification of more cavities, and probably also moretunnels.



If two tunnels aretoo similar over a proportion of their length higher than*Cutoff Ratio*, only the shorter tunnelwill be reported. If*Cutoff Ratiois* set closer to 1, the similarity criterion is weak, and moretunnels will be reported. If*Cutoff Ratio*is set closer to 0.5, the similarity criterion is strong,and fewer tunnels will be reported.

